Do docs ga (#2)
greg-mckeon/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/limits.md

## Durable Objects limits

<TableWrap>

| Feature                                 | Limit
| --------------------------------------- | ------
| [Number of objects](#durable-objects)   | unlimited

> | [Storage per account](#durable-objects) | 10 GB (can be raised by contacting Cloudflare)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Storage per account](#durable-objects) | 10 GB (can be raised by contacting your account team)
```

| [Storage per object](#durable-objects)  | unlimited
| [Key size](#durable-objects)            | 2048 bytes
| [Value size](#durable-objects)          | 32 KiB

> | [CPU per request](#durable-objects)     | 30s

Reviewer 2: We haven't actually changed this yet

Reviewer 3: It should be live in time unless something goes wrong, in which case we can change this back.

## Durable Objects

- Unlimited Durable Objects within an account or of a given class

> - 10 GB total storage per account (can be raised by contacting Cloudflare)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 10 GB total storage per account (can be raised by contacting your account team)
```

## Durable Objects

- Unlimited Durable Objects within an account or of a given class

> - 10 GB total storage per account

Reviewer 4: So we're sticking with 10GB for now? Dropping the beta comment makes this feel more permanent/unchangeable than it was before. Should we note that people can ask for it to be raised?

Reviewer 4: Oh, just saw "if you need more storage, please contact us." below, I think it should be mentioned here too.

Reviewer 3: Preferably with some sort of way to contact us so that folks don't give up before they find a way to do so.

- Storage values of up to 32 KiB (32768 bytes)

> - 30s of CPU time per request, including websocket messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 30s of CPU time per request, including WebSocket messages
```

> Durable Objects scale well across Objects, but are inherently single-threaded.  A baseline of 100 req/sec is a good floor estimate of the request rate an individual Object can handle, though this will vary with workload. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Durable Objects scale well across Objects, but each object is inherently single-threaded.  A baseline of 100 req/sec is a good floor estimate of the request rate an individual Object can handle, though this will vary with workload. 
```

> Durable Objects scale well across Objects, but each object is inherently single-threaded.  A baseline of 100 req/sec is a good floor estimate of the request rate an individual Object can handle, though this will vary with workload. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Durable Objects scale well across Objects, but each Object is inherently single-threaded.  A baseline of 100 req/sec is a good floor estimate of the request rate an individual Object can handle, though this will vary with workload. 
```

> Durable Objects have been built such that the number of objects in the system do not need to be limited. You can create and run as many separate objects as you want. The main limit to your usage of Durable Objects is the total storage limit per account - if you need more storage, please contact us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Durable Objects have been built such that the number of Objects in the system do not need to be limited. You can create and run as many separate objects as you want. The main limit to your usage of Durable Objects is the total storage limit per account - if you need more storage, contact your Cloudflare account team.
```

- Storage values of up to 32 KiB (32768 bytes)

- 30s of CPU time per request, including websocket messages

> Durable Objects have been built such that the number of objects in the system do not need to be limited. You can create and run as many separate objects as you want. The main limit to your usage of Durable Objects is the total storage limit per account - if you need more storage, please contact us.

Reviewer 3: It might also be worth mentioning here the practical limit on how many requests per second any individual object can handle?
